TEC-4037 Fix the block_categories function - 5.8 broke it. (#3592)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

= [5.9.0] TBD =

> * Fix - Add a new function to add "Event Blocks" category to the editor for WP >= 5.8. [TBD]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Add a new function to add "Event Blocks" category to the editor for WP >= 5.8. [TEC-4037]
```
